# WELS Privacy Policy

The privacy of your data is important to us. In this policy, we lay out: what data we collect and
why; how your data is handled; and your rights to your data. We promise we never sell your data:
never have, never will.

This policy applies to data collected in the course of requesting and using Winsted Equipment Layout
Software (WELS).

## What we collect and why

The purpose of the WELS application is to help you understand, configure and purchase Winsted
console products for your specific needs. We collect some basic information about you so that our
staff are able to assist with this process, and to inform future investments in our products and in
WELS.

### Personal identity

When you request a copy of WELS, we collect identifying info that you enter in the
submission form, along with your IP address. We use this information when assigning design team
members to contact you about your project and console needs. We never sell this information, and we
will not use your name, company, or other information in marketing material without your permission.

### Application usage

When you start the WELS application, it will (no more frequently than once per calendar day) contact
Winsted servers over a secure (TLS) connection, to check for any updated product/pricing
information, and for new releases of WELS. This ensures that you are working with the most current
information about our products. We keep logs of these communications that include a unique random
identifier associated with your user key as well as your IP address. Aggregating these logs helps us
inform product research and decisions, as well as improvements to WELS itself. Once per quarter, we
blind all logged data older than 15 months.

WELS does not collect or communicate information about designs you create with the software, or
about any actions you take within the WELS software after you have started it.

### Voluntary correspondence

When you contact Winsted with a question about our products or about WELS, we keep a copy of that
correspondence, including the email address used, so that we can refer to it in future interactions.

## When we share your information

With few exceptions, we do not share your information with anyone. The exceptions are:

**To send opt-in announcement emails.** If you opt to receive new Winsted product and event
information, we will add your email address to a distribution list we maintain under our account
with Constant Contact, solely for the purpose of sending you those announcements. Each email
includes an unsubscribe link which you can use to remove your email address from that distribution
list at any time. Constant Contact’s privacy policy is [here][ccpp]. 

**To comply with the law.** If a US or UK law enforcement authority procures the necessary warrant,
criminal subpoena or court order to require us to share data, we have to comply. We have never
received a National Security Letter or Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) order.

Aside from these two exceptions, your data is never shared outside of Winsted, whether in individual
or aggregate form.

## Your rights with respect to your information

At Winsted, we apply the same data rights to all customers, regardless of their location. Currently
some of the most privacy-forward regulations in place are the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) in the US. Winsted
recognizes all of the rights granted in these regulations, except as limited by applicable law.
These rights include:

* **Right to Know.** You have the right to know what personal information is collected, used, shared
or sold. We outline both the categories and specific bits of data we collect, as well as how they
are used, in this privacy policy.

* **Right of Access.** This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about
you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of
that information.

* **Right to Correction.** You have the right to request correction of your personal information.

* **Right to Erasure / “To be Forgotten”.** This is your right to request, subject to certain
limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession and,
by extension, all of our service providers. Fulfillment of some data deletion requests may prevent
you from using WELS because our applications may then no longer work.

* **Right to Complain.** You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your
personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority. To identify your specific authority
or find out more about this right, EU individuals should go to
<https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en>.

* **Right to Restrict Processing.** This is your right to request restriction of how and why your
personal information is used or processed, including opting out of sale of personal information.
(Again: we never have and never will sell your personal data.)

* **Right to Object.** You have the right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your
personal information is processed.

* **Right to Portability.** You have the right to receive the personal information we have about you
and the right to transmit it to another party.

* **Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making.** You have the right to object and prevent
any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely
based on automated processes. This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for
performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable law, or is based on your
explicit consent.

* **Right to Non-Discrimination.** This right stems from the CCPA. We do not and will not charge you
a different amount to use our products, offer you different discounts, or give you a lower level of
customer service because you have exercised your data privacy rights. However, the exercise of
certain rights (such as the right “to be forgotten”) may, by virtue of your exercising those rights,
prevent you from using our Services.

If you have questions about exercising these rights or need assistance, please contact us at
[wels-privacy@winsted.com](mailto:wels-privacy@winsted.com) or at Winsted LLC, 10809 Hampshire Ave S,
Bloomington MN 55438 USA. For requests to delete personal information or know what personal
information has been collected, we will first verify your identity using a combination of at least
two pieces of information already collected including your user email address. If an authorized
agent is corresponding on your behalf, we will first need written consent with your signature before
proceeding.

If you are in the EU, you can identify your specific authority to file a complaint, or find out more
about GDPR, at <https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en>

## Location of data

Our WELS servers and web properties are operated in the United States. If you are located in the
European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, **please be aware that any information you
provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States**. By using WELS, participating
in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

## Security

All data is encrypted via SSL/TLS when transmitted to or from our servers. The database backups are
also encrypted.

The security of your personal information is important to us, and we take active steps to protect
it, including frequent application of security patches to our servers, encrypting our database
backups, strong authentication requirements and access logging. That being said, remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we
strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes and questions

We may update this policy as needed to comply with relevant regulations and reflect any new
practices. You can view a history of the changes to this policy [on
GitHub](https://github.com/Winsted/policies/commits/main). Whenever we make a significant change
to this policy, we will announce it there.

<div class="attrib">

*This policy is adapted from the [Basecamp open-source policies][bosp] / [CC BY 4.0][cc]*

</div>

[bosp]: https://github.com/basecamp/policies/tree/f73ee5a913712e6423600e3ce494eb697b9750ef
[cc]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[ccpp]: https://endurance.clarip.com/privacycenter/?brand=ctct